automated mgr-create-bootstrap-repo changes (#115)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/client-configuration/pages/bootstrap-repository.adoc

[[client-cfg-tools-repository]]
= Bootstrap Repository

A bootstrap repository contains packages for installing Salt on clients, as well as the required packages for registering Salt or traditional clients during bootstrapping.
Bootstrap repositories are automatically created and regenerated on the {productname} Server for every synchronized product.

== Prepare to Create a Bootstrap Repository

> When you select a product for synchronization, the bootstrap repository is automatically generated as soon as all mandatory channels are fully mirrored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you select a product for synchronization, the bootstrap repository is automatically created as soon as all mandatory channels are fully mirrored.
```
We should try to the same phrase/word/term everywhere.

Each of the child channels will generate its own log during the synchronization progress.
You will need to check all the base and child channel log files to be sure that the synchronization is complete.

== Options for Automatic Mode

You can change how the automated bootstrap repository creation works.
This section details the various settings.

=== Disable Flush Mode

By default, every regeneration starts with an empty repository and copies only the latest packages into it.
To disable this behavior, add or edit this value in [path]``/etc/rhn/rhn.conf``:

----
server.susemanager.bootstrap_repo_flush = 0
----

=== Disable Automatic Mode

If automatic regenration of the bootstrap repositories are not wanted, it can be disabled.
Add the following value in [path]``/etc/rhn/rhn.conf`

----
server.susemanager.auto_generate_bootstrap_repo = 0
----

=== Configure own Bootstrap Data File

The tool uses a data file with information about which packages are required for which distribution.
This data file can be found at [path]``/usr/share/susemanager/mgr_bootstrap_data.py``.
SUSE update this file regular.

In case you want to modify it, please create a copy in the same directory

----

> $> cd /usr/share/susemanager/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cd /usr/share/susemanager/
```

> $> cp mgr_bootstrap_data.py my_data.py

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cp mgr_bootstrap_data.py my_data.py
```

= Bootstrap Repository

A bootstrap repository contains packages for installing Salt on clients, as well as the required packages for registering Salt or traditional clients during bootstrapping.
Bootstrap repositories are automatically created and regenerated on the {productname} Server for every synchronized product.

== Prepare to Create a Bootstrap Repository

> When you select a product for synchronization, the bootstrap repo is automatically generated as soon as all mandatory channels are fully mirrored.

Author: ```suggestion
When you select a product for synchronization, the bootstrap repository is automatically generated as soon as all mandatory channels are fully mirrored.
```

There are two ways to check if a channel has finished synchronizing:

* In the {productname} {webui}, navigate to menu:Admin[Setup Wizard] and select the [guimenu]``SUSE Products`` tab.

> This dialog displays a completion bar for each product when they are being synchronized. Some products require also extensions to be synchronized.

Author: ```suggestion
This dialog displays a completion bar for each product when they are being synchronized. 
Some products also require extensions to be synchronized.
```

* You can also check the synchronization log file at the command prompt.
Use the [command]``cat`` or [command]``tail -f`` command to view the [path]``/var/log/rhn/reposync/channel-label.log`` file.
If you use this method, remember that base channels can contain multiple child channels.
Each of the child channels will generate its own log during the synchronization progress.
You will need to check all the base and child channel log files to be sure that the synchronization is complete.

== Options for Automatic Mode

> 

Author: You can change how the automated bootstrap repository creation works.
This section details the various settings.

Reviewer 2: added

> === Disable Flush Mode

Author: ```suggestion
=== Flush Mode
```

Author: This is reference material, so it might be better to do this as a table, rather than using these third level headings.

> By default every regeneration start with an empty repository and copy only the latest packages into it.

Author: ```suggestion
By default, every regeneration starts with an empty repository and copies only the latest packages into it.
```

> This can be turned off by adding the following value in [path]``/etc/rhn/rhn.conf``

Author: ```suggestion
To disable this behavior, add or edit this value in [path]``/etc/rhn/rhn.conf``:
```

----
server.susemanager.bootstrap_repo_flush = 0
----

> === Disable Automatic Mode

Author: ```suggestion
=== Automatic Mode
```

> If automatic regenration of the bootstrap repositories are not wanted, it can be disabled.

Author: ```suggestion
By default, automated regeneration of the bootstrap repositories is enabled.
```

> Add the following value in [path]``/etc/rhn/rhn.conf`

Author: ```suggestion
To disable it, add or edit this value in [path]``/etc/rhn/rhn.conf``:
```

----
server.susemanager.auto_generate_bootstrap_repo = 0
----

> === Configure own Bootstrap Data File

Author: ```suggestion
=== Configure Bootstrap Data File
```

> The tool uses a data file with information about which packages are required for which distribution.

Author: ```suggestion
The tool uses a data file with information about which packages are required for each distribution.
```

> This data file can be found at [path]``/usr/share/susemanager/mgr_bootstrap_data.py``.

Author: ```suggestion
The data file is stored at [path]``/usr/share/susemanager/mgr_bootstrap_data.py``.
```

> SUSE update this file regular.

Author: ```suggestion
{suse} updates this file regularly.
```

> In case you want to modify it, please create a copy in the same directory

Author: ```suggestion
If you want to makes changes to this file, do not edit it directly.
Instead, create a copy in the same directory and edit your copy:
```

----
$> cd /usr/share/susemanager/
$> cp mgr_bootstrap_data.py my_data.py
----

> and edit your copy.

Author: ```suggestion
```

> You can configure SUSE Manager to use your version by setting the following option in [path]``/etc/rhn/rhn.conf``

Author: ```suggestion
When you have made your changes, configure {productname} to use the new file.
Add or edit this value in [path]``/etc/rhn/rhn.conf``:
```

----
server.susemanager.bootstrap_repo_datamodule = my_data
----

> [NOTE]

Author: ```suggestion
[IMPORTANT]
```
I think this warrants an important over a note ;)

====
The original file will be overwritten with the next update.

> You are responsible to keep your copy up to date with changes provided by SUSE to the original file.

Author: ```suggestion
On the next update, the new data from {suse} will overwrite the original data file, not the new one.
You will need to keep the new file up to date with changes provided by {suse}.
```

====

> == Generate a Bootstrap Repository Manually

Author: ```suggestion
== Manually Generate a Bootstrap Repository
```
